2020
0416
1、	Spring中处理上传的multipart类型文件，可设置保存到disk的threshold,默认大小为0, https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/appendix-application-properties.html
2、	Comes to the point, As per my knowledge following are some differences,
1.) .properties file : It store data in sequential format. .yml file : It store data in hierarchical format.
2.) .properties file : It supports only key-value pair basically string values. .yml file : It supports key-value pair as well as map, list & scalar type values.
3.) .properties file : This file specifically used for JAVA. .yml file : This file type are used by many of the languages like JAVA, Python, ROR, etc.
4.) If you want to handle multiple profiles, .properties file : In this case you need to manage individual file for each profile. .yml file : In this file type you just need to manage single file and place configuration data of specific profile inside it.
5.) For Spring project, .properties file : @PropertySource annotation support this file type. .yml file : @PropertySource annotation can't support this file type.

0417
Spring DependencyInjection
1、@Autowire注解加在需要Spring注入的对象上
2、@Configuration配置类中，定义配置信息，Spring在初始化时会扫描
3、在上述配置类中，增加方法，此返回需要注入的对象，并在该方法上加@Bean注解

Cookies and Sessions are used to store information. Cookies are only stored on the client-side machine, while sessions get stored on the client as well as a server.
Session
A session creates a file in a temporary directory on the server where registered session variables and their values are stored. This data will be available to all pages on the site during that visit.
A session ends when the user closes the browser or after leaving the site, the server will terminate the session after a predetermined period of time, commonly 30 minutes duration.
Cookies
Cookies are text files stored on the client computer and they are kept of use tracking purpose. Server script sends a set of cookies to the browser. For example name, age, or identification number etc. The browser stores this information on a local machine for future use.
When next time browser sends any request to web server then it sends those cookies information to the server and server uses that information to identify the user.
A session is a chunk of data maintained at the server that maintains state between HTTP requests. HTTP is fundamentally a stateless protocol; sessions are used to give it statefulness.
A cookie is a snippet of data sent to and returned from clients. Cookies are often used to facilitate sessions since it tells the server which client handled which session. There are other ways to do this (query string magic etc) but cookies are likely most common for this.
